Hey.
I need your help with a case.
- Aren't you supposed to
be on maternity leave?
- What are you. my husband?
- Look. forget I said
anything. What's up?
- I have an open file
that's almost ready
to hand off to the DA's office.
If I take care of it now.
it won't be hanging over
my head when I get back.
Wanna help me out?
- Sure.
- What you doing?
- Trying to figure
out the crib assembly.
- In the closet?
- It's peaceful in here.
- Who's on the phone?
- Customer service.
- Do you have your order
number handy. ma'am?
- Hi. Aaron.
- Hi.
- Angela. I know you're working.
Wrap it up.
or I'm gonna call Grey and
tell him what you're doing.
In the future. you could
disguise your voice.
- I'm not comfortable being
pulled into your web of lies.
- Get over it.
I need you to collect
DNA from a suspect.
I'll text you his name.
- Okay. Do we have a warrant?
- No.
- Then how am I
supposed to get his DNA?
- You wanna be a detective?
Figure it out.
- ♪ I'm gonna win for you
♪ Like I know you
want me to do ♪
- All right. let's get to it.
Special of the
day: Frank Teska.
Frank spent two decades
working his way up from
a street-level enforcer
to a proud boss of
a renaissance crew
that ran everything from
prostitutes to drugs.
- Then Frank's temper
got the best of him.
Took an eight-year fall for
involuntary manslaughter.
- Although there was nothing
involuntary about it.
More recently...
That is. last week...
Frank exited prison
and. we believe.
took out his brother. Ed.
to reestablish leadership.
- We have prison
intel over Frank's
last few months inside.
He was making a push
to get into the
ghost gun business.
- Specifically.
3D-printed weapons.
which are invisible
to metal detectors.
Next-generation ghost guns
are printed using
a high-strength.
nylon-based polymer.
which is illegal to buy in bulk
without proper paperwork.
- Now. this morning. METRO
raided Ridgeside Chemicals
based on intel that Frank
was about to take a delivery
of 300 gallons of that polymer.
- Which leaves Frank
without a supplier.
- Exactly.
- Which is where
Officer Chen comes in.
She'll be going undercover at
Southland Chemicals in Venice.
the only other local
manufacturer of the polymer.
- And I'll be living at
the Langholm apartments.
- So until further notice.
if you see Officer
Chen out in the world.
do not acknowledge her.
All those assigned to support.
see Sergeant Bradford.
Everyone else.
let's get to work.
- Mornin'.
- Hey.
- You feelin' all right?
- Yeah. I'm just taking it
a little slow this morning.
I. uh. saw some friends that
I haven't seen in a long time.
- Oh. you need a
little carefree time.
Just be careful not
to burn yourself out.
- I won't. but ever since
we got justice for Blanca.
it's like this weight
has been lifted.
like my soul feels lighter.
you know what I mean?
- I do. and I'm happy for you.
- I even signed up for
this dating app. YouSpark.
I can't remember the last time
I even flirted with a guy.
- Well. let's hope
sparks fly soon.
- Gotta love a Daddy Cop joke.
- Hey. I need you to run
down to the morgue for me.
- Fun. Why?
- Remember NoHo Doe?
- I do.
A torso found in
North Hollywood.
no definitive cause of death.
and no means to ID him.
- It was a dead-end
case I took on
to keep Skip Tracer
Randy out of jail.
- Was that the right decision?
- Definitely not. but
I have to solve it now.
To that end. an arm was found
near Silver Lake
Reservoir this morning.
- Gotta be connected
to the torso. right?
No... no pun intended.
- Not necessarily.
There are a surprising amount
of severed limbs in this city.
- Mm.
- Oh.
- Kay.
- Thorsen. what are you doing?
- Looking for DNA.
- It looks like
you're moonlighting
at the sanitation department.
- Yeah. I could see how
you could think that.
You know. it's not
often that you find
a young. budding detective
with this amount of
dedication to solve a case.
- Tell me you came by
this evidence legally.
- I mean. I might've
committed a minor trespass
to gather evidence. but
per police procedure.
You walked on the
suspect's property.
dug through their trash bins.
and brought all
their trash here.
- Basically.
- Well. you're not sorting
through that filth
in my station.
Get it out of here.
And Thorsen.
this table better be spotless
when you're gone.
- Yes. sir.
- I called Hard Luck.
- What... really?
He's such an unreliable CI.
- No. he's just a little
twitchy sometimes.
He's the only informant I got
who has an in with Frank Teska.
So he's gonna point
Frank in the direction
of your new identity
at Southland.
- Yeah. or he'll go
on a three-day bender
and wake up in Reno.
- No. he won't.
'cause I told him
it was for you.
He knows it's important to me.
- Aw.
Undercover love.
- I'm sorry to say the new arm
is not a match for NoHo Doe.
- Yeah. I figured it was
too much to hope for.
- But the method of amputation
on it is confounding.
- How so?
- I've never seen
such well-defined
traumatic separation of tissue.
I honestly don't know
what instrument was used
to remove it.
- A katana? Lightsaber.
- No and no.
- Any idea what was used
to chop up NoHo Doe?
- Definitely a blade
done post-mortem.
but I have no idea what
the cause of death was.
I did find evidence
that your torso owner
had a hip arthroplasty.
- So if we find a severed
limb with hip hardware.
it's most likely our guy?
- Exactly. and then
I'll be able to ID him
off the serial number.
- Outstanding.
Thank you very much. Shall we?
Looks like we're
going on a leg hunt.
- This job is so weird.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
- Hello.
I'm Larry Ellis.
and you must be Jamie Hall.
I can't tell you how excited
I am to be part of this...
- Oh. uh... uh.
it's nice to meet
you too. Larry.
Um. maybe you could
show me to my office.
- It's not the right leg.
- It is a right leg.
- No. I mean it's
not the correct leg.
- But we'll take
it off your hands.
20 bucks.
Five?
- Anything you need. I'm here.
So just let me know.
And again. I am so
happy to help the LAPD.
"NYPD Blue" is my
favorite TV show.
so you can imagine.
- Uh. Larry. I really
appreciate the offer.
but you know. the best
thing you could do for me
is to treat me like all
your other employees.
And you know. this should
really be the last time
that you mention the LAPD. okay?
- Yes. of course.
Copy that.
Uh. I've been practicing
all the lingo.
- No lingo.
- Yeah. okay.
I'm just a regular
plastics salesperson.
- ♪ I will never blame you
♪ You were dealt
a hell of a hand ♪
♪ If I were you
♪ I would have done
♪ The same thing
♪ If I were you
- Jamie Hall.
- You all set up. Jamie?
- Yeah. all good.
Although we should probably
keep an eye on my boss.
He's a little overeager.
- Want me to have
a talk with him?
- No. no. I've got it.
Are you good?
- Yeah.
Yeah. we got you
covered out here.
Wherever you go. we go.
- Well. that's comforting.
but I meant. like. are yougood?
- Do you mean do I
miss you already?
No.
I'm fine.
- You are such a jerk.
Hey. will you keep an
eye on Tamara for me?
You know. just check in on
her every once in a while?
- Of course. And
don't worry about her.
I'll keep an eye on her.
You just focus on the job.
- ♪ Even if it takes
- How long do you
think this'll take?
- Day. week. couple months.
Hard to tell.
- Oh. do not finish
this season of "Top
Chef" without me.
- I can't make any promises.
- You ever wish you
had a normal job?
- One where people
don't shoot at you?
Not once.
Yeah. me either.
- ♪ Ooh. ooh
♪ Ooh
- False alarm.
It's only a foot.
- ♪ Ooh. ooh. ooh
- Making any friends?
- There's a lovely
lady. Delores.
She's got a lot of cute stories
about her grandkids.
This past weekend. apparently.
little Jimbo ate
a dozen marbles.
- Well. well. well.
What do we have here?
- I've been going through
this dude's trash for days.
and I can't find a single
thing with his DNA on it.
Seems pretty impossible. right?
'Cause I basically leave a
trail of DNA everywhere I go.
- Whoa. whoa. TMX.
- It's actually "TMI." Smitty.
"Too much information."
- Pretty sure I'm right.
- Earwax.
Yes. Let's go.
- Is the monotony
getting to you?
- I don't mind it.
I just don't want it
all to be for nothing.
Frank must be in a
rush to make those guns
and get paid.
Can't be much longer.
- I'm sure he's
checking you out.
seeing if the story Hard
Luck has fed him is true.
- Hi.
- Good morning.
- We need to talk.
- Uh. I'm sorry.
Do I know you?
- No. but I know you.
I know your real
name's not Jamie Hall.
- Look. I don't know what
you're talking about.
but if you'd like
to buy plastics.
I'm happy to invite you in.
Otherwise...
- Lisa Thompson.
Born in Flagstaff.
currently wanted on two
counts of felon fraud
for cashing bad checks.
Now. you want me to go
inside and tell your boss.
or are you gonna take
a little ride with me?
- Why don't we go for a walk?
So what do you want?
- To get to know each
other a little better.
If we're gonna be in business.
we gotta establish a rapport.
Trust.
- Who said we're doing business?
- Me.
- Look. I came to
LA to start over.
so I am very respectfully
just gonna pass. okay?
- Yeah. well. that's
not really an option.
I need access to certain
protected plastics.
and you need to
not go to prison.
But this is a very
low-risk thing for you.
A few barrels a
month get misplaced.
That kind of loss is normal.
and it's built into the
company's profit margin.
I just need you to hide
the missing inventory
from your boss.
You do that. and I'll pay
you 5.000 bucks a month. huh?
How's that sound?
- Tempting. but I think
I would just prefer
to give my notice today
and let you make this deal
with the next girl that
sits behind my desk.
- Look. I'm trying
to be nice here. hmm?
But the alternative
to you saying yes
is me drowning
you in that canal.
So how about you get
onboard. like. right now?
- Yeah. when you
put it that way.
I guess I'm in.
- Great. We'll have
dinner tonight?
Hammer out the details. hmm?
I'll pick you up at
your place at 8:00?
- Okay.
- Good.
Liar.
Mentiroso.
- So how goes the online dating?
- Uh. a giant cesspool of
self-absorbed narcissists
with no love to give.
Sounds like my childhood.
And yet. you're still swiping.
- I mean. just look.
They all look so good. you know?
And then you do a little digging
and find out they're
actually ten years older.
four inches shorter.
married with children.
and just looking
for a side piece.
Prime example.
- Oh. he's handsome
and not unfamiliar.
That's...
Oh. my God! Is that Smitty?
- I know.
I mean. he was a slice.
But that is false advertisement
for a profile pic.
- I'll say.
- How did you and Bailey meet?
- Oh.
She just showed up
at my door one day.
A gorgeous. multitalented.
half-naked woman
wrapped in a towel.
And now we're engaged.
I hate you.
My point is I wasn't looking.
That's when love shows up.
- 7-Adam-15. RP found a leg
at the Hollywood Reservoir.
Do you want the call?
- Yep.
- Hey. You called
about the leg?
- Yes. Uh. Scott.
We were out for a walk.
and Buddy here found it.
I've been trying to
get him to let go.
but he's become quite attached.
- Oh. no problem.
All we have to do is
offer him something
he wants more than
a severed leg.
- Do you always
carry dog treats?
- Yeah. Tip from a friend.
Hey. Buddy. Here you go.
Here you...
Easy. easy.
Wow. okay.
Really?
You choose a rotten leg
over chicken waffle bits?
Yeah. he does this sometimes.
Last month. he fell in
love with an avocado
and carried it around
till it was mush.
- Is he a rescue?
- Uh. yeah.
Yeah. it took forever
to get him to trust me.
Now he freaks out if
my mom gives me a hug.
- Oh. territorial.
Makes sense.
Um. he has attachment issues.
Maybe if I get a
little closer...
- Can I?
- Uh. yeah. sure.
- Oh.
- Hey.
That's good boy.
- Nice.
There. You see the
metal hip joint?
Coroner can use that
to identify the body.
- Is there anything else we
can help with. Officer...
- Celina.
No. thank you.
- Okay. Come on.
- Hey. how'd I do?
- The dumpster diving
was a good tactic.
The DNA was a match.
- Yeah. one man's trash
is a pregnant
woman's case closed.
- Thanks for helping me out.
- Hey. you know. I
could take on another.
I mean. every time I
work one of your cases.
I'm learning just a little bit
more to help me make detective.
- All right.
There's this one witness
to a liquor store burglary.
but I can't get
him to talk to me.
or any cop. for that matter.
- Oh. I bet I can
get him to crack.
- The guy hates the police.
It's impossible.
But now I have to
stop talking to you.
because Wesley is
staring me down hard.
But I'll send you his name.
Wrong number.
- Oh.
- Hey.
- What's up?
How you doin'?
- Better. now that we've got
some movement on Frank.
I was bored to early
onset rigor mortis.
- Yeah. crooks have
their own schedule.
We call it "dope time."
- Hmm.
- So where are we. case-wise?
- Yeah. he made contact.
asked me to dinner.
- Romantically. like a date?
- Well. ostensibly.
it's about business.
but he did just
get out of prison.
so odds are he's hopeful for
a little somethin'-somethin'.
- Legally. there's two
forms of entrapment.
The first is offering
so much money
that an otherwise reasonable
person commits an illegal act.
The second is sex.
- Yeah. if a UC puts
sex or love on the table
as inducement to crime.
it automatically
becomes entrapment.
- The courts realize that love
makes people do crazy things.
- Right. so I'm...
Should we cancel dinner?
- No. but keep it professional.
If he starts saying that
he's doing it for you
or for love. you gotta walk.
- Yeah. Hey.
Should I push a little
about his brother?
- No. because you're still
trying to build a foundation.
Once he trusts you.
he will hang himself.
But we should get a
decent wire for her.
because he could
get a little handsy.
- Mm. All right.
Pull the top of the
line from HIDTA.
We'll reconvene and brief
two hours before your date.
Any questions?
All right.
You okay?
- Five by five.
- You gotta treat
this like any other op
and treat Lucy
like any other UC.
- I know.
- All right.
- Ooh.
Man. it really reeks in here.
- Yeah. Grey is not
happy with Aaron.
Another match?
- Uh. I don't know.
There is seriously no
good man in Los Angeles...
Who are single. of course.
- What about Scott?
- The citizen with the dog?
I don't know. What about him?
- Well. based on your
little interaction before.
I'd say he was interested.
What are you talking about?
No. he wasn't.
- Yes. he was. Oh. my gosh.
- Why are you smiling?
- Because for someone
who's so connected
to the universe.
you seem a little blind
when it comes to the
romantic signals.
- What signals? There
were no signals.
There were signals?
Okay. that's not funny.
- You're right. I'm
a little freaked out.
I've never done anything
like this before.
If I get caught. I'm
looking at serious time.
- Prison's not so bad.
You do your time. meet
new business associates.
Most importantly. you learn
what you're really made of.
Helps you see the
world more clearly.
- What did you learn?
- Family can't be trusted.
- Yeah. I hear that.
I mean. the whole reason I
cashed those bogus checks
was 'cause my dad
stole my rent money.
- My brother made
a move against me.
I put him in his place.
- What place is that?
Get down!
- Put that away... the gun.
- Shots fired. 93107
Wilshire Boulevard.
black Honda Accord headed east.
- Copy that.
- Okay.
- Units are on their way.
- In pursuit.
- We gotta help these people.
- Gotta go! Cops
are on their way!
- Suspects are out of
the car and on foot.
Driver is a Black male with
a hoodie. headed north.
I'm in foot pursuit
of the shooter.
He's a white male. brown
pants. headed south.
You're under arrest.
Let's go. Get up.
- You okay?
- Yeah. Gun was empty.
I got lucky.
Otherwise...
- What the hell was that?
Were they shooting at you?
- They weren't gunning
for the busboy.
- Hmm. well. it's
been nice knowing you.
Hey!
- You're not backing out here.
Our deal's still on.
you understand me?
- Yeah. ju... just relax. okay?
I'm... I'm scared.
I just... I've never
been shot at before.
- I have. You'll
get used to it.
- Do you know who's after you?
- Two choices. His
guys or my guys.
- "His guys."
who? Your brother?
- Yeah.
Some of his people didn't
come onboard when I took over.
and some of my people
might be feeling
I'm weak enough
to take a shot at.
But they're gonna find out
quick how wrong they are.
- Well. look. I am
in way over my head.
I get that I don't have a
choice on whether or not
I'm helping you. but if you
could just keep the body count
out of my backyard.
that would be great.
- No promises.
Are you okay to get
home by yourself?
- Yeah. no problem.
Thanks for dinner.
Yeah.
I'll be in touch.
- Hey. you okay?
- Yeah. you?
- Yeah. I am now.
We got the shooter. but
the driver got away.
Meet me at the laundry
room in your building.
- Yes. See you in 30.
Hey.
- Hey.
- That was really scary.
- Yeah. I about
had a heart attack.
Does Frank know who
took a run at him?
- Not for sure. but he's
clearly in a tenuous position.
even with his own crew.
- If you need to tap out...
- No.
The fact that he
can't trust anyone
actually strengthens my in.
He needs an ally.
I can be that
and hopefully bring the
whole thing down from within.
- Has he tried anything?
- No. but I can
handle it if he does.
- I know.
- Yeah. knowing and
feeling okay about it
are two different things.
- Look. it's not my first time.
- I know.
It's probably what
makes it worse.
- All right. now's not the
time to talk about this.
I know you'll bail
on the operation
if you don't feel it's safe.
So if you are good. I'm good.
- I'm good.
- Good.
I gotta get back to the station.
Grey's waiting for
a status update.
- Wait. no. hey.
Lock the door first.
- Told you there were signals.
- What?
Okay. now I'm nervous.
What do I say?
- Well. start with "hello."
I'll be over here.
Hey.
- Hey. hi.
Hey. Buddy.
Look what I have for you.
Here you go.
- Yeah. Buddy was wondering
if we could get that leg back.
He really misses it.
- Ooh. sorry. It's evidence.
So he's just gonna have
to find another one.
which I've discovered.
it actually isn't that hard
to find in Los Angeles.
- Wow. good to know.
Also terrifying.
- Yeah. well. do you
need anything else?
'Cause my boss is waiting.
- Uh. no.
Well. yes. Sorry.
I've been on dating
apps so long.
I've forgotten how to ask
someone out in real life.
- Dating apps are the worst.
Wait. Are you about
to ask me out?
- I am.
Uh. do you wanna
get dinner tonight.
or tomorrow.
or really. whenever you're free?
- I'd like that.
I know a great place with
a dog-friendly patio.
- Oh. we love a
dog-friendly patio.
- Great. It's a date.
That rhymed.
- Yes. it did.
- Uh. don't be late.
or I'll be irate.
- Ooh.
- Yeah. went a little bit far.
- Just a little bit.
- Celina!
- I gotta go. but uh. here.
Here's my card.
Call me... or text me.
or whatever people
do these days.
- Okay.
- Hi.
- Hey. uh. good news.
The M.E. got the serial number
off the prosthetic hip joint
from that last leg.
so he is no longer "NoHo Doe."
His name is Trip Linden.
and he was reported
missing a month ago.
- Well. who reported him?
Dude. this is ridiculous.
- Hi.
Uh. Detective Harper.
Thank you for coming in.
Can you tell me your
names so I know who's who?
- Um. Mark.
- Hank.
- Okay. great. and uh.
I understand you're both
friends with Trip Linden?
- Yeah. Yeah. did you find him?
- I'm afraid we did.
Parts of him.
- Wait. wait. What
does that mean?
- We found his torso
and one of his legs.
- They look scared.
- Dismemberment is scary.
That doesn't mean
they're guilty.
That's messed up. man.
- I'm sorry to be the bearer
of such upsetting news.
Were the three of you close?
- Yeah. yeah. We hung
out all the time.
You know. he had the
sickest collection.
Have you ever shot an RPG?
- Just...
- Come on. man.
- Trip owned an RPG?
- No. no. I mean.
not if it's illegal.
Look. he definitely
never broke the law.
- Okay. and I understand
the two of you
reported him missing?
- Yeah. 'cause the
last time we saw him.
he was heading to Vegas and...
To meet up with some chick.
and he just never came back.
- I mean. if they had
something to do with his death.
they wouldn't have
reported him missing.
- You'd be surprised
how many people think
that'll throw us off the scent.
- Uh. can you
describe this woman?
- Oh. no. sorry.
We never met her.
- Maybe she did something
to him. you know?
Like... like she was
the lure to some sicko.
- Theorizing.
That's never a good sign.
- Maybe he's just
trying to be helpful.
- No. they're trying to
offer up another suspect.
- All right. we
will look into her.
Did Trip have any enemies?
- No. no. Trip was the best.
Not that bright. but...
- Hey. yo.
Don't speak ill
of the dead. man.
Come on.
- Sorry.
- He was not that bright?
- No. he just... he didn't
make the best of choices.
but he was a great guy. really.
Either of us had a problem.
and he was always there for us.
- See if you can corroborate
any part of that story.
- Will do. and I'll check
their social media too.
I've become a black belt in
Googling the lies out of men.
- I'm here. y'all.
in the belly of the beast.
Tune in to the next video
to see what happened.
Oh. and uh. remember
to like and subscribe.
- Mr. Perry. thanks
for coming in
to talk about the robbery.
- You're welcome.
but like I told
the pregnant detective. I
don't wanna get involved.
I only came in to shoot
some ClipTalk videos.
- Hey. look. I get it. okay?
You don't wanna
talk to the cops.
Most people don't.
But we know you saw the robbery.
You were right outside the
store when it happened.
So is there anything
you remember
of the driver or
the car or an...
- Not a chance.
- Look.
I got 4 million
followers on ClipTalk.
- What? No. you don't.
Yes. I do.
I could tag you. get
your name out there.
- You have to do
better than that.
Dance challenge.
- ♪ Watch out. 'cause
♪ I'm coming your way. yeah
♪ Nonstop. I can do
this all day. yeah ♪
♪ Go work what your
mama done gave ya ♪
♪ Mama done gave ya
♪ Mama. mama done gave ya
♪ Whole world all yours
♪ For the taking.
bring it home ♪
- What in the hell?
- Sorry. sir.
Just. um. cracking another case.
- ♪ Mama done gave ya
- What in the hell?
- This is awesome.
Uh. guy who robbed
the liquor store.
License plate started
with 3JR. silver Accord.
- 3JR. Yes!
Okay.
- Get in!
- Frank.
- Now!
- O... okay.
What's wrong?
- I know who shot at us.
I gotta take him down.
I need a lookout.
- Where are we?
- This is where all
the magic happens.
3D printers are inside.
- Okay. wait. so you think
it was one of your guys
who took a run at you?
- Yeah. Grant.
You stay out here.
Call me if you see anything.
- Hey.
Why are you here?
- Okay. so Frank's
driver was the shooter.
and now I'm acting
as his lookout
while he goes
inside to kill him.
What exactly is my play here?
- First priority is
to stop a murder.
So be a good lookout.
Every cop in LA is about
to land on this location.
- Okay.
- All right. bye.
8-500. I need additional
units at my location.
Code-3.
- Hey. we gotta go.
The cops are coming.
- How?
- I don't know.
But we don't have much time.
Frank. you are an
ex-con with a gun.
I don't know anything about law.
but I'm pretty sure
that sends you back.
Let's go.
Come on.
- The car matches
Morgan's description
of the robbery vehicle.
- Anything inside?
- Not that I can see.
but I haven't checked
the trunk yet.
- Whoa.
- The air fresheners are
just making it worse.
- Yeah.
7-Adam-7. I have a possible 187.
Alley off of 1700
block on Tustin.
Send detectives and TID.
- Police!
Anyone in there?
Show me your hands.
We got another body.
Looks like this guy
died of a heart attack.
- How can you tell?
- His search says "signs
of a heart attack."
Okay. so after a
successful burglary spree.
heart attack and trunk guy get
into a disagreement. right?
Which leads to
trunk guy's death.
and then heart attack puts
trunk guy in the trunk.
tries to cover the smell
before he can decide
what to do with him.
makes it all the way back
here to the auto shop.
and then the effort was
a bit too much and...
Pop goes his heart.
- That's some good detecting.
- I know. right?
- Vegas PD struck out.
They have no record of Trip
coming to town with
a mystery woman.
- But IT was able to get
into Trip's cloud account.
Turns out he enjoyed making
videos with Mark and Hank.
- What kind of videos?
- Not that kind
of videos. Worse.
- In one of the clips. they
shot a cow with an RPG.
- What is wrong with people?
- After combing through
several soul-crushing hours
of footage. we found that.
- All right. what
am I looking at?
- The idiots got their hands
on a .50 caliber machine gun.
- They're just blowing
up watermelons.
- Right. until Trip goes
out onto the range and...
- There goes his head.
- Trip! He's dead!
What do we do?
- Well. that is definitely
enough to get a warrant.
- Right. so what do you say
we let SWAT go and
take care of arresting
the heavily armed survivalists?
- Where's the fun in that?
Let's go.
- I mean. she's...
She's kidding. right?
I'm afraid not.
That was crazy.
How the hell am I supposed to
go to the office after that?
- You got ten seconds
to convince me
you're not a cop.
- I'm not a cop. I...
- Then how the hell did
you know they were coming?
A police scanner app.
I can show you.
- A what?
- A police scanner app.
Can... can I just...
Look.
I have never been a
lookout before. okay?
So when you ran inside.
I thought this might be useful.
I downloaded it. and
the first thing I heard
was the warehouse address.
I... I almost peed my pants!
- You could've just run.
left me inside to get
killed or arrested.
Why didn't you?
- Honestly. it
didn't occur to me.
although at this moment.
I... I really.
really wish I had.
When you're about to be
released from prison.
those last few weeks.
you're just dreaming.
you know. about
the outside world.
All the things you're gonna do.
all the meals you're gonna eat.
all the money you're gonna make.
the women you're gonna...
Well. you get it.
- Yeah.
- But you know.
then you get out.
the world's different.
It's moved on without you.
And the place you
thought you held in it.
it doesn't exist anymore.
You realized you've. you
know. lost a step or two.
- Eight years is a long time.
- Yeah. and I wasn't exactly
a millennial when I went in.
- There's gotta be other things
you were dreaming about inside
besides money. food. and women.
- Yeah. my kid.
But she took off when I got out.
- Why?
- Look. I was never a good dad.
Always wrapped up in
being the tough guy.
causing mayhem. getting paid.
making money.
She... well. gave
her no time at all.
She deserved better.
- You could reach out now.
try to fix things.
Where is she?
- Ohio.
She tried going off the grid
so I couldn't find
her. you know?
But I found her pretty easy.
- You could visit.
You know. try to
make things right.
- Nah.
She'll never forgive me.
- Maybe not.
Even if she doesn't. though.
it'll matter that you tried.
I just met you.
I don't know you.
But it really seems
like you don't wanna be
living your life
like this anymore.
I should go.
- Okay.
- Hey. uh. thanks again.
And I'm sorry about. you know...
- Threatening my life
on multiple occasions?
Yeah.
Bygones.
Frank.
I'll see you later.
- Hmm.
Not if I see you first.
- Where are you?
- I'm outside the
cover apartment.
Frank just dropped me off.
- We grabbed Grant
and the other two.
got enough weaponry to
hold them until we try
to get a ballistics match
for the restaurant shooting
and Ed's murder.
- Yeah. fingers crossed.
I think this op is done.
- You sure?
- Yeah.
I mean. he's got no crew.
no product.
It's over.
- That's too bad.
- Why?
- I was looking forward to
another laundry room hookup.
We couldn't find his fingers.
He tried to evade arrest
using a grenade launcher.
and... and failed.
- It hurts! Ahh!
- Hey. uh. I put a
BOLO out for Mark.
Hopefully we can get
him before he finds out
there's an arrest
warrant for him.
Right.
- I don't think
that'll be a problem.
- Hey. excuse me.
I heard my friend was brought in
in some kind of
explosives accident.
- Mark. hey. Hank
is in treatment.
Uh. we just need to talk to you.
- Stay back!
We didn't mean to hurt Trip.
It was an accident.
- Nice work. Mama.
OB appointment?
- Yeah. What?
I couldn't just stand
here and do nothing.
- Detective.
Grey said you were
looking for me.
- Uh. yes.
Remember that arm the M.E.
flagged at the morgue?
- Yeah. the one with
the. uh. unique cut?
- Yeah. well. it might not
have been related to NoHo Doe.
but it is related to
a case in Arizona.
A coroner there found an arm
that was severed with
that same mystery tool.
and both were done while
the victim was still alive.
- That's horrible.
and it means we're looking
at a possible serial killer.
Should we be calling the feds?
- Yeah. I already did.
- John Nolan.
- As I live and breathe.
Simone Clark. what a
pleasure to see you.
- Pleasure to be seen.
What up. girl?
- Hey. Simone.
- Does this mean Garza's
unit is taking this case?
- Oh. yeah.
It's the reason
I joined the FBI.
so that I could swoop
in and steal the thunder
right out from under
local law enforcement.
- Technically.
you're not required
to rub our noses in it.
- But where's the fun in that?
Why don't you bring me up
to speed on everything.
and then I can
steal your theories
and pawn them off as my own?
- Baby looks great.
Angela. you're on
the home stretch.
- Thank God. because I'm
strictly at the loafer stage.
I can't tie my
shoelaces anymore.
- Hey.
Sorry to interrupt.
- What are you doing here?
- I. uh. just wanted to
deliver the news in person.
- I texted you to
meet me in the lobby.
- Seriously?
- Baby. you know how I
feel about open cases.
I promise I'll be ready
to nest after this.
- Please tell me
you closed the case.
- Oh. better.
I closed seven cases.
- Well done. Officer Thorsen.
I'll make sure Caradine
knows you stepped up.
- Yeah. and also. thank you
so much for the opportunity.
Yeah.
You know. Aaron is a great
girl's name too. so...
- We... we were waiting
to be surprised.
I need a big meal. a hot bath.
and some quality sexy time.
and then I'm gonna
sleep for 24 hours.
What. what is that? What?
- I just... Isabel
used to always crash
after a long-term assignment.
It would take her months
to come back to life.
- Well. this was only a week.
so I think one night's
sleep will do me.
You know what? I do
have to come clean
about something. though.
Um...
I know I made you promise
to not watch "Top
Chef" without me.
but I couldn't wait!
I'm sorry!
- ♪ We could build a house
- Bad girlfriend.
- No.
- No. I'm sorry!
- Horrible.
- So...
Why didn't you tell
me you almost died
chasing down the shooter
at the restaurant?
- Because I didn't.
Who told you?
- It doesn't matter.
We'll set aside the fact that
you left it out of the report
so I wouldn't find out.
- I did not.
- What?
- Okay.
The gun was empty. right?
So this is much
ado about nothing.
Besides. I know for a fact that
you don't tell me everything
that happens to you
when you're undercover.
- N... no. no.
You know for a fact
that Isabel didn't.
If this is gonna
work between us.
I need to know that you
can see the difference.
- Of course I can.
Okay? But...
listen. I need you
to take it seriously
if I ever sound the
alarm about something.
Otherwise. the pain
of what I went through
will have been for nothing.
and I can't lose you
the way I lost her.
- You won't.
I'll walk away before
it ever gets close
to anything like that. okay?
I promise.
- ♪ We could build a
house away from here ♪
- Good luck on your date.
- Thank you. I'm
really excited.
Maybe I should just
throw some tarot cards.
you know. just to make sure
Scott and I have a future.
- Or maybe you should
just live your life
and see where it takes you.
- That's so much scarier.
- Yeah. sure. but
it's that discovery
that makes it so
much more special.
Look. take Bailey and me.
We have not landed on
a wedding date yet.
but I know when that day comes.
it's gonna be amazing.
- You're getting
married in September.
Nice try.
We're not talking about
anything before next spring.
- That's nice. but trust me.
It's gonna happen in September.
- Because you threw
down some tarot cards?
- No.
- Don't stay out too late.
have fun. and text
me when you get home.
- Yes. sir.
♪ Yeah. I just wanted
warmth with you ♪
- Hey.
What do you think about
getting married in September?
- Damn it.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm